Release all integrations for 7.37.x (#12033)
DataDog/integrations-core: istio/CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG - istio

## 4.2.0 / 2022-05-14

> * [Added] [Istio] Add more tags to default exclude_labels and disable tag_by_endpoint in autoconf. See [#11953](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/pull/11953).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Added] Add additional tags to default exclude_labels and disable tag_by_endpoint in auto_conf. See [#11953](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/pull/11953).
```
